Are you kind?
You have no chance to regret it now
Hey
Mr. Liu
It's me, I'm Xiaoxian
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
I'm at the Emperor Hotel now.
I found that
The ninth-grade Huanyang Dan gathered in your land has been stolen.
Now people are sick
Please bring someone over quickly, I'm right next door.
Coming soon
Did you hear the boy?
Mr. Liu will be here in a while
I'll see if you're still stubborn
Fine! I'll wait for him right here.
Who stole the bag from our cloud group?
Mr. Liu, you are finally here
This is the kid who stole 9 bottles of white sheep eggs
Now people are sick
They can't make a fuss
It is indeed the ninth-grade Huanyang Dan of our Diyun Group.
Boy, you stole it
Liu Changjiang
So brave
Go back and ask Piaoxue
Who am I?
You don't want to die, do you?
Ah, why are you so impatient to talk to Lord Liu?
I'll ask Lord Piaoxue
What are you?
People from your Diyun Group
This is how I usually frame others outside
Arrogant and domineering?
Exactly.
Our cloud group is like this outside.
This
Is power
kid
We, Mr. Liu, can kill you with just one word
Hahaha
unexpected
The Earth Cloud Group has even produced a scum like you
I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you.
Hand it over quickly
If I don't pay